These notes are about MacOsx Mojave:

1) Mac has SIP (System Integrity Protection) 
	- which prevents even root from modifying plist configuration files in /System/Library/LaunchDaemons
	- prevents changing permissions on certain files (chmod)
   
2) This issue came to light when I was trying to set up local mail server on my Mac.  Postfix is installed with operating system.

	see:  http://budiirawan.com/install-mail-server-mac-osx/
	
3) To become root on MAC:  sudo su root

4) To gain access to files under SIP:  
https://www.minicreo.com/omni-recover/how-to-disable-mac-sip-on-mojave.html
https://www.tekrevue.com/tip/disable-system-integrity-protection-macos/

Longtime Mac power users likely enjoyed the ability to tweak the operating system at its lowest levels. 
For years, hidden settings and customization apps let users take complete control of their Mac to customize how it looked and functioned.
But if the user can access these core system files, so too can malware. It’s this reality that prompted Apple to introduce a security 
feature called System Integrity Protection in macOS, starting with OS X El Capitan in 2015. And while System Integrity Protection is 
an important feature that most users will benefit from, it can cause issues with certain power user workflows and applications. 
So, if you’re willing to accept the risk of reduced security in exchange for greater flexibility, here’s how to disable 
System Integrity Protection in macOS.

A.  Disable SIP: as root

	1)  To disable System Integrity Protection, boot your Mac into Recovery Mode by pressing and holding the 
		Command and	R keys on your keyboard as soon as you hear the boot chime.
          	
	2)  To check to see if System Integrity Protection is currently enabled or disabled, use the command csrutil status.  
	sh-3.2# csrutil
	usage: csrutil <command>
	Modify the System Integrity Protection configuration. All configuration changes apply to the entire machine.
	Available commands:
    	clear
        	Clear the existing configuration.
    	disable
        	Disable the protection on the machine. Only available in Recovery OS.
    	enable
        	Enable the protection on the machine. Only available in Recovery OS.
    	status
        	Display the current configuration.
        	
    	netboot
        	add <address>
            	Insert a new IPv4 address in the list of allowed NetBoot sources.
        	list
            	Print the list of allowed NetBoot sources.
        	remove <address>
            	Remove an IPv4 address from the list of allowed NetBoot sources.  
            	
	3)  To disable System Integrity Protection, use the command csrutil disable. 
		You can re-enable it later by repeating these steps and using the command csrutil enable instead. 	
		
	4)  Once you’ve disabled System Integrity Protection, restart your Mac via the Apple menu.